Evening, Sheriff.
Cold enough for you?
Yeah. Exactly how
the holidays should be.
Hey, guys.
Happy holidays.
What's up?
Yeah. Whatever.
What's up with them?
Yeah, they're cranky
because we're snowbound.
Their vacation plans
are pretty much ruined.
Oh.
Um, why don't you make
a round of hot chocolate?
Keep them coming.
You got it.
Hey, guys.
So, stuck in Eureka
for the holidays, huh?
| used to try to escape
Eureka at Christmas
until one year when
I got stranded here.
Yeah.
It was crazy.
(CHUCKLING)
Okay, gather 'round.
You can hear
all about it.
Do we have to?
Sheriff's badge says yes.
(KIDS SIGHING)
There you go. Enjoy.
Oh, boy.
Ah.
It was deep in December
and, like every year,
Zoe and l were
heading out of town
to spend the holiday
with family,
which was great
because it was one
of the hottest Christmas weeks
Eureka had ever seen.
What's going on?
You can't leave, Sheriff.
No one in or out.
The electromagnetic shield
over Eureka's malfunctioning.
Doesn't look like
anything's...
(SCREAMS)
Right now, it's more
electro than magnetic.
It's getting worse.
You better shut
that thing down.
And leave Global Dynamics
vulnerable to the prying eyes
of the rest of the world?
Sorry, Sheriff,
no can do.
So, we're trapped here
for Christmas?
It's 85 degrees.
Dad, they're trying to fix it.
Just let them.
All right, well,
don't overexert yourselves.
We'll make
the best of it.
Merry Christmas!
ZOE: Wait, so you make
elf footprints?
Yeah, you dip little sponges
shaped like shoes
in baby powder
and then you press them
on the floor around
the presents.
You know what?
I'm boiling.
You can't let a little heat
ruin your holiday.
Today l have strung up
cranberries, we have
baked gingerbread.
All right,
feast your eyes, people.
Limited edition,
copper cast
from my Secret Santa.
Oh, and he left this for you.
For me? Wow, how cool.
You know who it is?
No. That's why
he's a secret.
Open it.
Come on.
Oh, wow, The Clash on vinyl.
I love them.
I wonder who knew.
Not you.
Well, come on...
(LAUGHS)
No, I couldn't have.
ALLISON: No, wasn't me.
Well, this is
my little gift
to all of you.
You say little.
Is that meatloaf?
lt's fruit cake.
Oh. Um, yeah,
I'm still digesting
a piece from last year.
No, no, no, trust me.
This is like a little
Christmas miracle.
Eat it. Eat it.
VINCENT: Come on.
(ALLISON LAUGHS)
Oh. Holy cow!
Oh!
That... Even the raisins
are incredible.
I blended 96
different varieties.
Everything from Alexandroulis
to Zilvaca.
How do you get them
all in one piece?
That, my friend,
is the secret.
CARTER: Mmm.
(BEEPING)
Oh.
What's going on?
It's a code 12.
Air assault.
We have a bogey.
(SIREN BLARING)
All right, everybody, down!
Down! Take cover.
All right, stay inside!
(SIRENS WAILING)
All right, everyone,
can I have your attention?
Can you get inside, please?
This is not a drill.
Possible airstrike
headed for town!
Everyone, get off
the streets now.
Thank you.
Get into position.
CARTER: Sir,
thank you, inside.
Keep it going.
Everybody inside.
Inside. Thank you.
JO: Ready?
Clear! Clear the road!
JO: Steady.
What's up, Jo?
First someone messed
with our E.M. shield,
now we're under attack.
From what?
G.D. radar detected
an unauthorized vehicle
in our airspace over town.
(BEEPING)
Bogey's crossed
the threshold.
Weapons hot!
Take aim!
Oh, hey, hang on!
That's not a plane!
Hold your fire!
Ho! Ho! Ho! Crap!
BOY 1: Santa's sleigh?
Seriously?
You don't believe me?
GIRL: Where do I start?
One,
reindeer can't fly.
Well, stranger things
have happened in Eureka.
Yeah? And who was driving
this tactical assault sleigh?
I'm getting to that.
So...
It's not every day
we get to track down
a runaway Santa.
So Jo and I,
we jump at the chance.
I want nothing to do
with this.
Oh, like I do.
Hey, the town's your turf.
Which your trigger happy
Santa SWAT team invaded.
Sorry, Carter...
Holiday party starts
soon at G.D.
and I'm on crowd control.
Oh, well, that's...
ZOE: Hey.
Shouldn't you guys be
chasing down Kringle?
No, what I should be doing is
drinking winter ale with your
uncles, watching ball games.
And by watching
he means arguing.
Yes.
Is there someplace else
I can be useful? Please.
Oh, I'm sure Allison
could use some help
at G.D.
A few people got banged up
avoiding Santa. I'll take you.
Perfect. See you, Dad.
Oh.
Give Santa my best.
Chase down
a fake stupid Santa.
It's like 900 degrees.
I'm never going
to get home...
FARGO: To the left.
Yes, chief.
No the other left.
Relax, Fargo,
it's just a party.
No, it's the party.
The time where
G.D. family comes
together in the spirit
of giving.
More candles.
It's time all you geeks
fly your freak flags
every year.
No, that's Comic Con.
Look...
I've got a tight budget
and a building full
of people to feed.
If we run low on latkes,
believe me,
things will get ugly.
I will charge my Taser.
(BEEPING)
Oh, security breach
in Sub Lab 22.
I can't wait for this
day to be over.
Hold it right there.
What do you think
you're doing?
Hey, Jo. Just taking
my experiment home.
And you are?
Noah Drummer.
Condensed matter physicist.
Well, I'm sorry,
Doctor Drummer,
there's no authorization
for you to take
your little ornament home.
Actually,
it's crystallized hydrogen.
Can't leave it here unattended
during the holidays.
Too unstable.
So you're shoving it
into a sack?
Well, it's lined with
non—ionizing fiber
and red tungsten.
If my ornament's
not handled carefully,
bad things could happen.
Yes, it's very menacing.
What is it for, anyway?
Just a little thing called
peace on earth.
It's an energy source.
Once fully formed,
it'll provide limitless power,
very cheaply.
One less reason for war.
Well, that is a very
lovely concept.
But nothing's going
to happen to it here,
not on my watch.
Not that I doubt
your abilities, but I'd really
prefer to keep it with me.
Yeah, I'm sorry, Doc.
The crystal stays here.
All right.
How's that?
Feels okay.
Mostly I'm starving.
That's weird. Me too.
You know what?
It must be Vincent's amazing
hors d'oeuvres we're smelling
from the party.
You're all set.
Thanks.
Merry Christmas,
Doctor Blake, Zoe.
ALLISON: You're
all set, honey.
Hey, you okay?
Yeah.
It's just always
the same thing
every year.
Dad can't wait to go home
and it's always so much better
in theory than in reality.
I'm just actually
really glad that
we're stuck here.
Me too. You know,
we never get to spend
the holidays together.
The more, the merrier.
You really get
into it, huh?
I just think we could all
use a little more magic
in our lives, you know?
Hey look, Secret Santa
struck again.
What...
When did that get here?
ZOE: Open it.
(LAUGHS) Bunny slippers.
I used to have a pair
of these when l was a kid.
This is perfect.
I got to find out
who this guy is.
Kringle can run,
but he can't hide.
(CHUCKLES)
(SIREN WAILING)
Oh, no.
Can I help you?
Mr. Claus, I presume.
Mr. Claus?
Season's greetings, mate.
Taggart, do you have
any idea what you've done?
You've damaged
our E.M. shield,
our E.M. shield!
I did not.
I was held up in
me lab running field tests.
Tests for what?
For science, mate.
I'm pioneering the field
of Santology.
That's not a science.
It will be.
Nearly every culture
has a myth
about the man.
Santa Claus, Pere Noel,
Kris Kringle, Saint Nick.
I'm replicating everything
he does and explaining it
with physics and technology.
What about flying reindeer?
(DEVICE BEEPING)
Holographic.
They're misbehaving currently.
This little beauty runs
on a pulse detonation engine.
All weather resistant.
Uses state of the art
stealth technology
(WHISPERING) to fly
invisibly under the radar.
Taggan,
your giant red sled
is neither stealthy
nor invisible.
Well, I've still got
a few kinks to work out.
Now, be a Santa's
little helper and give us
a tow back to G.D.
Sure.
Cheers, mate.
(SIGHS)
(CLINKING GLASS)
(CLEARING THROAT)
Friends, colleagues,
I started planning this party
months ago,
determined to provide
an unforgettable, yet fiscally
responsible celebration.
Today,
we gather together...
Oh, save it, Fargo,
we're starving.
CROWD: Yeah!
Fine.
And without further ado...
(CROWD CHEERING)
Okay, people, you've got
two hours and 58 minutes
until I shut this place down.
Eat, drink, be merry.
TAGGART: It was late
on Christmas Eve.
I was just a wee lad,
no more than seven
(WHISPERING) when I heard
something,
and crept downstairs.
That's when I saw him.
Just a glimpse.
A quick flash of red
by the tree.
Taggart, it was probably
your father in red pajamas.
One might think.
But I found this
by the fireplace.
Lint?
A tear from Santa's trousers.
I've tested the fibers,
they're fire resistant.
Again, not Santa.
Red pajamas.
Also been working
on a gadget for easy
chimney descension.
And fancy this.
I made it just for you.
You went all out.
Imagine all the presents
Santa has to fit in his sack.
But by putting M—theory
and the concept
of 11th dimensionality
into practice...
Yeah, wait, ho, ho, ho.
Wait, Santa's a physicist now?
Oh, he's very clever.
He temporarily shifts matter
through the dimensional
membrane.
That way,
objects can lose mass
but maintain integrity.
(MACHINE WHIRRING)
Oh, oh, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Don't you want to
open your present?
Set her there, mate.
Come on. Come on.
Holy smokes.
A can of "Christmas Cheer"?
Go on. Pop the top.
(SINGING CHRISTMAS CAROL)
They're programmed
to your voice.
And they're yours
for the day every time
you say, "Christmas."
Thanks, Taggart,
for making this
a very creepy Christmas.
(SINGING CHRISTMAS CAROL)
Santology?
Yeah. I think he's
going for a degree.
Something about
a minor in tooth fairy.
Well, myth and folklore
come from somewhere, Carter.
Some ancient cultures
believed that wrapping
moldy bread on a wound
would make it heal faster.
Yeah, that's why
ancient cultures died out.
No, they didn't know that
mold was penicillin
and it fought off infection.
Yeah, but we're talking
about Santa Claus,
not antibiotics.
As scientists, we have
to explore all possibilities,
to be open to the "what if."
Right there, great.
(SIGHS)
Oh, hey, Lupo,
you want to tell me
what you want for Christmas?
This one's for naughty.
This one's for nice.
I1lpass.
Oh, come on.
Where's your
Christmas spirit?
Seriously,
you okay?
I have a town full of yahoos
that I have to babysit.
I am super.
Taggart's Santa.
You just wrecked Christmas
with two words.
Hmm. Why is it
so hot in here?
I don't know.
The AC. is
cranked up to 11.
Oh, just, hey, hang
on a minute.
Let me just grab a couple.
ljust hope I made enough.
This crowd is ravenous.
Mmm.
Great. More crystal
lab issues.
Do I want to know?
It's this tiny little
glowy thing.
I caught this
strange scientist trying
to take it home earlier.
Well, this is G.D.
Be specific.
Um, his name's Drummer.
Never heard of him.
Doctor Drummer?
I thought you said
little glowy thing.
It used to be.
This is unbelievable.
Under normal conditions,
it would take decades
to crystallize hydrogen
into a sample this size.
Key word, normal.
Is it me
or is it already bigger?
Henry, what's going on?
I don't know,
but if it keeps growing
at this rate, it'll breach
the lab in 20 minutes.
We need to move it
to a larger containment unit.
Doctor Drummer said
that it was unstable.
Uh... Wait,
it's going to explode?
Well, yeah, if it...
If it moves beyond
the protective shielding,
it could fracture
and... Boom.
Merry Christmas.
(SINGING CHRISTMAS CAROL)
How do I turn this off?
Hang on, they're pretty good.
Henry.
All right, all right,
find Doctor Drummer.
I'll supervise the transfer,
and maybe he can
tell us why this
is expanding.
(CONTINUE SINGING)
Man, that guy
must be roasting.
Tell me about it.
I had to ice my hot toddies.
Hey, Zane.
Are you crying?
What? No. No.
I just got two tickets
to see Springsteen
at the Meadowlands.
Let me guess, Secret Santa.
You too?
The perfect gift.
Man, this guy's good.
No one's even heard
of Drummer.
We've been all through G.D.
There are no personnel
files for him.
Well...
That's impossible.
There's no way that he could
have access to the lab,
let alone get into G.D.
We've got to find him.
His experiment's growing.
Well, there has to be a way
to track him down.
The DOD. has files.
The glitch in the EM.
shield crashed our server.
We're cut off
from the outside world.
I'll find him.
If he goes to leave,
he's going to hit a wall.
Wasn't me.
I thought Zane was
my Secret Santa.
Why would you think that?
Only someone who could
hack my computer
would know I've been searching
the internet for years
looking for this.
Steve Austin.
Better. Stronger. Faster.
Seriously?
It's authentic.
Original hinges,
not a chip on it.
You have no idea how rare.
Okay, well, it wasn't Zane.
Well, then someone was
thinking of me,
and I'm going to find him.
So you can thank him?
So I can suspend him.
No one hacks Fargo
and gets away with it.
Not even Santa.
Okay.
Hello, Fargo.
Hi, Steve Austin.
(IMITATING SOUND EFFECT)
Wow.
ALLISON: The crystal is safe
in our largest
containment lab.
But I'd say
it's still growing.
HENRY: What we need
to do now is calculate
the expansion rate.
ALLISON: Right.
So we can figure out
how much time we have
before it outgrows this lab.
This image represents the
density of electrons within
the crystal 10 minutes ago.
Anything unusual?
No, but we'll know more
once I do another diffraction
scan as a comparison.
I don't care if we're on
a wild goose chase looking
for this missing scientist.
At least it's time away
from that party.
You're not feeling
the merry, huh?
(SCOFFS) All the boozing
and schmoozing,
lights and glitter.
It's Vegas,
not Christmas.
Well, if it makes you
feel any better,
I wish I was home.
It's beautiful, Carter,
I'm all misty.
You know what, Jo,
you got a heart of stone.
Bah, humbug.
That's me.
CARTER: Wow.
They look the same.
Yeah, the intermolecular
spacing is identical.
ALLISON: Henry, What if...
Oh.
So the crystal
hasn't changed.
No.
(PHONE BEEPING)
Yeah?
CARTER: Henry, we're
at the edge of town,
and something else
has gotten way big.
Well, no, it hasn't
gotten bigger.
We've gotten smaller.
Dun dun duh!
So, what?
The whole town
was shrinking?
Oh, I'm telling it
how it happened.
GIRL: Even though
it's totally bogus.
(LAUGHING)
All right, I'll let you guys
go back to playing
your video games.
I won't waste
anymore of your time.
Well, wait, I mean,
you may as well just finish
the rest of the story.
BOY 2: Please, Sheriff Carter.
All right.
So, after we left the sign,
we went back
to Global Dynamics.
We and everything contained
in the EM. shield
are getting smaller.
Why isn't the crystal
shrinking?
VVeH,because
it's one of the strongest
Bravais lattice
atomic structures
in the universe.
It's almost impossible
to alter or compress.
But we get to shrink
into microscopic dots
of nothingness.
And as everything in Eureka
gets smaller,
the energy required
to compress radiates heat.
Is that why it's like
a billion degrees in here?
Yes. And why
we've been so hungry.
Our metabolism's
working overtime.
So what now?
Maybe someone
outside of Eureka
will see how small we are
and try to help us.
Oh, like a
big—hearted elephant?
The roads closed, and nothing
is getting through
that E.M. shield.
It's a pretty
bleak Christmas.
(SINGING CHRISTMAS CAROL)
You must stop!
What's causing
the shrinkage?
Yeah, I don't want to die
a miniature, though adorable,
version of myself.
CARTER: A miniature...
Taggan.
Let's go!
(CONTINUE SINGING)
Taggan?
(GASPS)
Ha! It works.
Get me down.
(GRUNTS)
Of course,
the man himself packs
a lot more paunch.
Hlneed
to widen the net.
You can't trap Santa Claus.
(SCOFFS) I'm Ahab.
He's my white
bearded whale.
F.Y.I., that didn't
turn out very well
for either one of them.
Now, the present you gave me,
the M—tracking, shifting...
Oh, good things come
in small packages.
No, it's a big mess.
The whole town is shrinking.
(CHUCKLES)
You're joking.
Does this look like
my joking face?
My device can't be
responsible.
Well, are you kidding me?
Look where you live, a device
is always responsible.
The molecular transfer field
is very precise.
Atoms shift from our dimension
in space—time to another.
Leaving us with this.
See? Tip top.
It's not my device.
(BEEPING)
That can't be good.
The transfer field's
expanded beyond
the target area.
Expanded by how much?
Oh, roughly, um,
the whole town.
Eureka's getting smaller
by the minute.
It looks like the only thing
containing the miniaturization
effect
is the EM. shield.
And the EM. shield
is a big sparking mess
right now.
I don't understand.
Unless it tried to miniaturize
an item so dense it overtaxed
the containment unit.
Unless it tried to miniaturize
an item so dense it overtaxed
the containment unit.
But I was very careful
to avoid unusually
dense material.
Unusually dense,
like this?
Fruit cake?
I beg your pardon?
You used Taggart's shrinking
machine, didn't you?
(STAMMERING) I'm sure
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Oh, really?
Hi. Those little pieces
aren't pieces at all,
are they?
They're entire freaking cakes.
Do you know how many
calories I've ingested?
| just...
(EXCLAIMS)
I just wanted to make
a fruit cake that wouldn't
be the object of ridicule.
I mean, they get
such a bad rap, Sheriff!
(SIGHS) How'd you
get in there?
The molecular gastronomy
department across the hall.
l consult from time to time.
Mmm. Keep talking.
Well, I re—shrunk each cake
about a half a dozen times.
It's the only way to maximize
the fruity, nutty goodness
that is fruit cake.
Why are you looking
at me like that?
No reason.
I'm so sorry, Sheriff.
You'd think a Santa lab
would be a safe place.
(BEEPING)
Yeah, you'd think.
What's wrong now?
What isn't?
(WIND BLOWING)
Oh, wow.
Hey, Jo, some stuff
just blew into town.
Um, big stuff.
Keep everybody
inside, okay?
Uh, hey everybody,
can I have your attention?
I need you stay inside
off the streets, please.
Everybody, can you
get off the streets?
(RUMBLING)
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
(YELLING)
You okay?
All right.
(YELLING)
(GRUNTS)
So I understand
we're all shrinking.
Doctor Drummer,
where have you been?
Enjoying the party.
You missed out.
There was fruit cake.
I'm aware. Thanks.
Candy cane?
No, thank you. Look, there's
a serious situation with your
peace on earth crystal.
The containment lab
is closing in on it.
I told you it had
to be protected.
You were right,
and now you have
to fix it.
I know.
Okay.
When did you stop
liking candy canes?
Do you remember?
When I had to grow up.
I know the holidays can be
tough on military families.
Can we go now?
Sure.
After you, Josephina.
If you can't shrink
your crystal, Doctor Drummer,
it's gonna blow
our little bits
into little bits.
Have faith, Doctor Taggart.
Once we boost the power,
your device should be
very effective.
But even if we shrink
the crystal, we still have
to un—shrink us.
You'll figure
out a way, Henry.
You always do.
(STAMMERING)
Have we met before?
We've crossed paths
a few times.
Hey, how much juice
are you giving this?
A megawatt.
Better double it.
Focused energy is the key.
You know, your crystal's
electron density
is very unusual.
I mean, even
for crystallized hydrogen.
Mmm—hmm.
It has an extra element
that makes it unique.
Doctor Drummer,
there shouldn't be
secrets in science.
Oh, it shouldn't always
be about science.
Some things are better
left unexplained.
Sweetheart, just go ahead
and eat what you want.
Yeah, listen,
I made pudding, cake,
four kinds of pies and...
Yeah Jenna's...
Jenna's favorite
is the apple.
I know. I know, baby.
I'll be there as soon
as I can. I'm sorry.
I love you too.
Okay, bye.
(SIGHS)
So, the three wise men
are on it.
We might actually
put an end to
this horrible day.
Okay, Carter, we all know
that you're miserable
being stuck here,
but you don't
have to ruin it
for the rest of us.
No, no, no, no,
That's not what I meant.
Oh, sorry.
ljust like Christmas.
I know you do.
I mean, you go all out.
You're making four
different kinds of pies.
You know, it's because
I've never had what you have.
What I have?
I love how your family
gets together to celebrate.
Oh.
I grew up with a more
practical version
of the holiday.
Practical doesn't sound fun.
No.
My parents,
they're wonderful, but...
Well, they're scientists,
so they put their faith
in hard facts.
So yeah,
I got presents, but
they weren't from Santa
because my parents
told me that he wasn't real
and...
My gifts, they were never
wrapped because,
well, that's a waste of paper.
Ah.
So, I know that it sounds
silly but I want my kids
to have what I missed.
I want the magic.
So I do too much.
I think you do it right.
Thanks.
This procedure is very risky.
We have to shrink the crystal
without making it explode.
Or we could have
a front row seat for a new
inflationary epoch.
Hmm...
A few moments after
the Big Bang,
the universe undenNent
an extremely rapid expansion.
Well, isn't expansion
what we're trying to do to us?
That's right.
We need to make it
explode,
that way we reverse
the dimensional shunting...
Make us big again.
But we can't
blow it up here.
The energy release
will be massive.
But, no, no, no, no.
If we shrink the crystal,
and then detonate it
at the highest point
of the EM. shield,
it'll be like throwing up
a live grenade.
First we need to see
if she gets any smaller.
Fingers crossed.
Make a Christmas
wish, mini mates.
All right, let's get
this puppy airborne!
Before the puppy explodes.
That's going to be
a problem.
Heat plus shrinking equals
not so healthy for
our helicopters.
The rotors are
completely warped.
Of course.
Now we have no way
to transport it.
Well, there is
one way, mate.
But I'll need
a little helper.
I'll fire her up.
(TAGGART SINGING
CHRISTMAS CAROL)
I'm not wearing a pointy hat.
Fa, la, la, la, la.
Contact.
(CARTER SCREAMING)
(CONTINUES SCREAMING)
Create seatbelts?
Claus doesn't use 'em.
Claus isn't flying.
I've logged 300 hours
of flight time from
Anchorage to Sydney.
(YELLS)
TAGGART: Just
an air pocket, mate.
Okay,
all clear.
Okay.
Taggart!
We have to go higher.
Hang tight!
(SCREAMING)
(WHOOPING)
Here we go!
Peak of the EM. shield!
Okay. Grab the crystal.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Autopilot engaged.
CARTER: On my mark!
Steady now.
We only get one shot.
No pressure then.
And...
Pull!
(TAGGART YELLING)
Ripper shot, mate!
Get it down!
Fine, fine.
But let's do it in style.
(SCREAMING)
TAGGART: Yahoo!
Cleanup would be
so much easier
if only we'd gotten bigger
but the trash
stayed small.
Hmm.
I say leave it
till tomorrow.
It's been a rough day.
All my planning,
what a fiasco.
Are you kidding, Fargo?
This was the best
holiday party ever.
Not that I got
to enjoy it, but...
Thanks, Jo.
Now go.
Everyone's at Cafe Diem.
You're not coming?
In a minute.
(HUMMING)
ZOE: Hello, J0.
Or should I say,
Secret Santa?
What are you
talking about?
You know what kind
of music I like.
And Allison's stories
about Christmas as a kid.
And you've probably seen Fargo
search the web a million times
for his lunchbox.
Go away.
But one thing
that just didn't fit
was that you hate Christmas.
But you don't, do you?
When I was a kid,
my favorite thing to do
was to give
something special
to my brothers
and just watch them light up
when they opened their gifts.
Okay, so...
So now,
they're all in the
service, in harm's way.
We haven't spent
Christmas together
in years.
Well, I'm glad that
at least we get to
spend it together.
Yeah, me too.
So, what did you get
for my dad?
He was tough,
but I think I nailed it.
Really?
(CHEERING)
All right!
Yeah! Hey!
How was your flight?
Bumpy. Yeah, so, Henry,
are we bigger?
Back to normal.
Ah, not quite.
Part of your crystal
still seems to be up there.
Would you look at that.
It's snowing.
The rapid expansion must
have cooled the moisture
in our atmosphere.
Henry, Henry, it's snowing.
It's snowing.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
Hi, we haven't met.
I'm...
Jack Carter.
Yeah.
Holiday to remember, huh?
Even by Eureka's standards.
You were supposed to be
with your family.
Yeah.
Yeah, I was.
I'm glad it all
worked out for you then.
TAGGART: Cagey bugger.
Beg your pardon?
Oh, I'm onto you now.
Let's you and me
have a sit down.
I've got
a lot of questions.
I'm afraid you're going to
have to keep them, because
I've got an errand to run.
You can't leave.
I finally found ya.
I'm not quite sure
what you mean,
but don't worry, I'll be back.
Same time next year.
Huh.
BOY 1: Sheriff Carter...
Please tell me that you're
not suggesting that this
Drummer dude is Santa.
I'm just sharing the story.
You guys can believe
what you want.
Was any of that true?
All of it,
but here's
the absolute truth.
Spending the holidays
with friends and family
in Eureka,
that's the best
gift of all.
Wow, man,
way too sappy.
Seriously. I got a cavity.
Yeah, but it's a pretty
decent story, dude.
Thanks.
Thanks, Sheriff.
BOY 2: Thank you.
(SIGHS)
HENRY: We live in a community
where every day we
are presented with
unique challenges.
But today, let's
remember and rejoice
at how wonderful
it is to be alive,
and how lucky
we are to be together.
Here, here.
ALL: Cheers.
What is that?
I don't know.
You better open it.
ZOE: What do you think?
It's perfect.
You know, we could probably
make it home if you still
want to go.
We are home.
Merry Christmas, Dad.
Merry Christmas.